tsv-filter: add page (#8408)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/tsv-filter.md

# tsv-filter

> Filter lines of a TSV file by running tests against individual fields.
> More information: <https://github.com/eBay/tsv-utils#tsv-filter>.

> - Output all lines where column with field_name is numerically equal to value:

Reviewer: `output` is a verb hard to translate to other languages.
```suggestion
- Print the lines where a specific column is numerically equal to a given number:
```
I think `number` is better to find the placeholder in the command.

> - Output all lines where column with field_name is numerically equal to value:

Author: I think I prefer print because display is even more suggestive of the output appearing in the terminal - even though one may end up piping it into a file (I often do) 

That's why I initially used `output` which is more neutral as to how that output is used/displayed/printed

> - Output all lines where column with field_name is numerically equal to value:

Author: I committed @navarroaxel's version but don't feel strongly about this

> - Output all lines where column with field_name is numerically equal to value:

Reviewer 2: We use display and print depending on the style of the command, however normally both can be used.

However I think print fits better here so I agree with you.

`tsv-filter -H --eq {{field_name}}:{{number}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Filter using numeric equality/non-equality/less-than/less-or-equal/greater-than/greater-or-equal:

Reviewer: Based on the `[` page:
```suggestion
- Print the lines where a specific column is [eq]ual/[n]on [e]qual/[l]ess [t]han/[l]ess than or [e]qual/[g]reater [t]han/[g]reater than or [e]qual to a given number:
```
The example descriptions shouldn't be described using the context. Make them independent

> - Print the lines where a specific column is [eq]ual/[n]on [e]qual/[l]ess [t]han/[l]ess than or [e]qual/[g]reater [t]han/[g]reater than or [e]qual to a given number:

Reviewer 2: This is an eyesore IMO. And I think its quite unreadable.

Anyone got any better solutions?

Author: one could not mention all the options - on the other hand it's exactly these sorts of things that I would personally use `tldr` for.

I'm a newcomer here so happy for the team to decide on whatever you prefer. Something is better than nothing in any case in my eyes.

Reviewer 2: Lets stick with the current one, if it gives all of the necessary info across to the user then I guess it is fine, even if it is a bit of a hard time to read it.

Author: I think I agree with @CleanMachine1 here - this is the sort of thing where having all the info saves one from having to go to the man page.

Reviewer 3: Sometimes there is literally nothing you can do. Take the `whiptail` page for example. The examples are horrible - but there is simply no other way to do it.

That said, being wary of cramming too much into a single example isn't necessarily a good thing, as it can detract from the clarity of the page. I can see arguments for both sides here. Which one would be most useful to users of this command? Does anyone know some  people we could consult (either IRL or online)?

Author: I'm a real life user of this tool - I often have to look at help for these exact commands. There isn't a most useful one of equality etc - they are all needed and relevant.

Reviewer 2: > `tldr whiptail` doesn't seem to exist :o

It does for me, when did you last update your cache?
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/linux/whiptail.md

`tsv-filter --{{eq|ne|lt|le|gt|ge}} {{column_number}}:{{number}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Filter on string (in-)equality, partial strings, case insensitive:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Display the lines where a specific column is [eq]ual/[n]ot [e]qual/partial of/not partial of a string:
```

> - Display the lines where a specific column is [eq]ual/[n]ot [e]qual/part of/not part of a string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the lines where a specific column is [eq]ual/[n]ot [e]qual/part of/not part of a given string:
```

Reviewer 4: I don't remember what we use `print` or `display`. I am not sure about this suggestion. ;)

> `tsv-filter --{{str-eq|str-ne|str-in-fld|str-not-in-fld}} {{column_number}}:{{string}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

Author: Oh this is beautiful :)

> - Filter for non-empty fields:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Display non-empty fields:
```

`tsv-filter --not-empty {{column_number}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Show fields that are empty in column_number:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Display fields that are empty in column_number:
```

> - Display fields that are empty in column_number:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display fields that are empty in specific column:
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I've edited my suggestion.

> - Display fields that are empty in a specific column:

Reviewer: I don't understand the output of this example.

Author: You are right, this was wrongly worded by me

```suggestion
- Print the lines where a specific column is empty:
```

`tsv-filter --invert --not-empty {{column_number}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Filter lines that satisfy two conditions:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Display lines that satisfy two conditions:
```

> - Display lines that satisfy two conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the lines that satisfy two conditions:
```

`tsv-filter --eq {{column_number1}}:{{number}} --str-eq {{column_number2}}:{{string}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Filter lines that match at least one condition:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Display lines that match at least one condition:
```

> - Display lines that match at least one condition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the lines that match at least one condition:
```

`tsv-filter --or --eq {{column_number1}}:{{number}} --str-eq {{column_number2}}:{{string}} {{path/to/tsv_file}}`

> - Count matching lines, interpreting first line as [H]eader:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Count matching lines, interpreting first line as a [H]eader:
```
